SDLC -->Software Development Lifecycle

SDLC --> It is a structured process to deliver the high-quality,low cost product
with in a shortest possible duration of time.

There are 6 phases:

1.Requirement Analysis
2.Design
3.Development
4.Testing
5.Deployment
6.Maintenance

1.Req analysis:

Business Analyst --> collects the requirements from the client and analyse it
BRS --> Business Requirement Specification document -->prepared by BA
BRS contains all the business req's which is collected from the client

BA conduct a meeeting with the technical leads, discuss about the req's with them.
If the technical leads have some doubts they will clarify with the BA.

Once the technical leads are ok with the req's they will prepare 2 documents:

1.FRS  -->  Functional Requirement Specification document which contains all the functionalities explained in a detailed way in a flow chart representation

FRS is an answer for how to reach the expectancy of BRS. 

ex: Gmail app  --->  Login, Home page, compose email, sent mail, trash,spam,starred,outbox,primary,social, etc.,

2.SRS  --> Software/System Requirement Specification document

Field specification --> In the functionality each field gets described in a detailed way:
1.Login
In the login, UN,PWD,forgot password these are the fields available.These fields gets described in a detailed way:

i)User name --> It is a mandatory field and its a text box which contains email address(which should be valid)
ii)Password  --> It is a mandatory field that should be valid.Should be masked.
Login button should gets enabled after providing valid UN and valid PWD.

2. Home page
IT should contains all the modules(compose email,promotion etc)

BAsed on SRS, testers starts writing the test cases and developers starts write the code

2. Design:

i) HLD --> High level design

Macro level design document
Prepared by domain expert(Solution Architect)
They convert business req's in to high level solutions
It contains the over all architecture of an application

With the help of HLD, they will design a table, design a database

ii)LLD --> Low level design

Micro level design document
Prepared by designers 
They convert high level solutions in to detailed solutions
IT contains the detailed description about each and every modeules of an application
With the help of LLD, they will get program or code specification.

3.Development:
With the help of program or code specification and SRS, the developers start writing the code and develop an application
100 modules -- > 10 developers
divide the task -->10 x 10 -->100
Once Unit testing is completed by the dev they will send it to the testing team.

4.Testing:
login -->functionality,feature,module  -->all are same
Once the testing team received the build from the dev team. they start testing by executing the test cases (for manual)
they start testing by executing the test scripts (for automation)

While executing the test cases, they find defects (the failed test case)
Once they find, have to assigned it to the dev team(developers)
DEV team should fix the defects/bugs.once all the bugs gets fixed they send it to the testing team.
The testers have to test it again (Re-testing--> Testing the failed test cases again after the
bug gets fixed by the develeoper) 
This process gets continues till all the bugs gets fixed and there is no high priority & high severity bugs.
Once the testing team feels an application is stable and it is defect free, they can send it to the deployment team.

5.Deployment phase:
They will deploy(deliver) an application into the client environment(production server)
DevOps team --> It will be done by DevOps team.  DevOps--> They do have both development and operational knowledge

6.Maintenance phase:

Once the product gets delivered to the client, an end users start using an application now.

They can able to find the defects / they can give enhancement.
In this phase, they will work on how to fix it and how to work on enhancement.








































