STLC:
Sequence of differenct activities performed by testing team to ensure the quality of the s/w product.
1.Requirement analysis:
They analyse the requirements in the testing perspective. Here if the testing team have any doubts they conduct a meeting with BA,Dev team,all stake holders.Once they
clarified all the doubts, they will prepare 
   i) Automation feasibility report:
         In this report, they do have set of questions and they provide scores
      IF the score is ab0ve 70 --> They can go ahead for automation
      IF the score is below 50 --> They dont 
       If it is between 50 to 70 --> they have to submit proof of concept to the client.
   ii)RTM 

         RTM--> Requirement Traceability Matrix document
              They just maps all the business requiremnts with the test cases.
With the help of RTM they just find the test coverage and missing test cases.

2.Test planning:

Test lead/Manager will involve in this phase. They used to prepare 2 documents:
  i) Test strategy  --> It is a high level document which contains the over all approach for an entire
testing process which will be prepared by test lead/manager.
       It varies from organisation to organisation but inside an org it is same for all the projects.

  ii)Test plan(scope/objective)  -->It is a high level document which contains all the planning activties for an entire
testing process which will be prepared by test lead/manager.
         Test plan document contains:
          a)scope 
          b)objectives 
          c)features to be tested 
          d)features not to be tested
          e)Cost and time estimation 
          f)risk and mitigation(solution) 
          g)staffing and training 

        It varies from project to project inside an organisation. 

3. Test case preparation/development:
     IF it is a manual project, they will write the test cases
     IF it is an automation project, they will write the test scripts.

Test scenario  ---> document which contains what are all the functionalities needs to be tested?

Test case --->how the functionalities needs to be tested?


4.Environmental setup:

The set of hardware,software,network needs to be configured and installed for the entire testing process.
In this phas, they will do smoke testing also. Testing whether the major/critical functionalities are working fine.
They prepare test data also.

5. Test execution:

They execute all the test cases what they have created.
During my learning process, i have executed N number of test cases and test scripts and found many defects.
I have logged the defects in jira which is a bug tracking tool.

6.Test closure

They close the cycle once all the test cases are executed and if there is no high severity bugs they close the cycle
In this phase they prepare Test summary report or closure report which contains,
How many test cases prepared, how many test cases executed, out of that how many passed?failed?
Out of failed test cases how many bugs gets closed,open
Out of open defects how many comes under high severity and low severity?
If there is no high severity we can close the cycle.















